---
title: "Hi!"
date: 2025-08-03
categories: [journal]
tags: [blablabla]
---

> It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness...

Never has knowledge been so accessible, yet so difficult for us to gain and create.

Coming from a physics background, I'm glad that my interest stays with the classical, every-day problem of fluid dynamics. Though I'm too clumsy and experimentally inexperienced to do any research in a real fluid lab, the information age has blessed every clumsy guy of theoretically-inclined mind with the ability to do real armchair physics.

I have come to realise that there is no way around doing some real experimental fluid dynamics in order to gain real insights, although the experiments might be no more real than pure numerics. The size of my mind is not big enough to comfortably do armchair physics like Einstein, but with the help of modern computers, might just be enough to do some "standing desk" physics.

However, it is to anticipate that the path to building a fluid dynamics lab, albeit a digital one, that is on par with the real ones of Hagen, Reynolds, and Batchelor and Townsend will not be easy, but with enough patience, prudence, and a little bit of optimism, a man can still recreate and re-examine some of the classical problems, and with some luck, might even discover something new.

I'll be using this blog to document my progress and frustrations in building CFD solvers, doing numerical experiments, and some other related stuff. Hopefully, this will resonate with similar minds out there across the World Wide Web.
